Update values file to provide a default image and tag for use during script-pod creation (#236)
OctopusDeploy/helm-charts: .changeset/polite-donuts-jump.md

---
"kubernetes-agent": minor
---

> Allow the script-pod container to be defined in values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow the container used by script pods to be modified for both worker and deployment target
```
